
    
    AITA for ending my childcare agreement with my sister because I don't want to care for her future stepkids who I never met? 
  
I (27f) am a stay at
home mom to my two
little boys ages 5 and 1
. I also take care of my
sister's two children
ages 8 and 6 after
school and during summer
break. She sends snacks
for all the kids and
pays me a small amount
of money. I never asked
for a lot because it was
never a big deal to me
and I enjoy seeing my
niece and nephew. But
now things have changed.
My sister is engaged and
her future husband lives
out of state with his
two children. My sister
already told me they
were hoping I would take
care of them. I asked
when I would be meeting
the kids and she said
they fly in just before
the wedding and I would
start right away.

I told her I would
like to get to know the
kids first and she said
they want to start out
on the right path with
being a blended family
and that means treating
the kids the same. She
said they want them to
have that after school
time together. I told
her I understood but I
would not be comfortable
taking care of the kids
for extended periods of
time when I do not know
them and will have met
them one or two times
before they would be
placed in my care and I
would not be comfortable
.

My sister asked why
I can't just embrace a
big change and throw
myself in. I told her if
she was willing to give
me some time to get to
know the kids... she
said no. So I told her
firmly that she would
need to find someone
else to take care of the
kids.

My sister told me I
was really showing that
I only consider family
those who are related by
blood. But I would feel
the same if my brother
came back home after
several years and asked
me to watch his kids who
I have never met and
they're blood related.
For me it's just a
position that requires a
close, existing
relationship for me to
be okay with it.

AITA though?

