
    
    AITA for blocking an Airbnb's view of my home? 
  
I've already posted
this asking for legal
advice but thought I'd
ask for moral advice too
.

Last year we bought
a historical property,
with a fair size chunk
of land. The previous
owners had ran it as a
small hotel but couldn't
keep up with the pace at
their age anymore.

We turned the
property back into a
private residence. A
main country road runs
right by the longest
edge of the unfenced
garden so we decided to
plant hedges for privacy
and to block off access
in case my nephews visit
and play football etc.

There is a small
"gardener's cottage"
right at the edge of
this line, which was
sold separately when we
bought our home. We made
sure to keep any bushes
between us and them on
our side of the property
line.

We were unaware that
the elderly couple had
sold the cottage to a
relative of theirs and
that he had planned to
turn it into an Airbnb.
We only know this now as
after a summer of growth
the owner had finally
noticed the small
"hedge" and realised
what we'd done.

He, and the couple,
have sent official
looking letters stating
we are impeding their
reasonable enjoyment of
the property as they had
planned to market the
cottage as part of the
property with "views of
a historical landmark"
and once our hedge is
full height that view
will be greatly
diminished if not almost
entirely gone.

So AITA for
potentially damaging
someone's income by
planting these hedges?

