
    
    TIFU: Playing with a cute fish in the ocean. 
  
This happened 2 days
ago. I recently moved to
the Southeastern US and
have gotten into the
hobby of snorkeling. Ill
preface this next part
by saying I've always
had a natural curiosity
of nature, as stupid as
that is.

While snorkeling I
saw lots of cool
wildlife. All the fish
would dart away before I
could get close enough
to pet them. But there
was one adorable fish
just sitting on the
bottom of the ocean
floor that wasn't at all
afraid. So I started
petting him. Everything
was fine. I thought "I'm
gonna pick him up and
take him to my wife so
she can see him".

WORST MISTAKE OF MY
LIFE! As I went to pick
him up some sharp thing
on his back stabbed into
my hand and I felt the
sharpest most intense
throbbing pain I've ever
felt. I didnt think it
was a big deal. I
figured the pain would
go away. I went to find
my wife and our friends.
It seemed to be slowly
getting better so I
stopped thinking about
it so much. Until about
20 minutes later I found
them on the beach. I got
out of the water and
started walking to them
and my wives friend
screamed when she saw me
. Completely oblivious I
look down and see my
hand and arm are swelled
up to twice the normal
size! The pain had
gotten better because
with all the swelling it
had somehow made my arm
numb with a throbbing
dull pain to which I had
interpreted as it was
getting better. A quick
Google search and we
found out it was a
stonefish. The most
venomous fish in the
world!

By the time the
ambulance got me to the
hospital my arm was a
disgusting puffed up
mess. Doctors gave me
some antivenom and my
arm is finally starting
to look normal 2 days
later. I'm very scared
to see this medical bill
.

TL;DR went swimming
in the Atlantic Ocean
and played with a
stonefish and got stung.
My arm swelled up like
crazy and I got
transported to the ER
and had to have
antivenom administered.
Now I'll probably be in
severe debt till I die
all because I wanted to
play w a little fishy.

