
    
    TIFU trying to spoil my wife 
  
This actually
happened yesterday, but
we're both still trying
to recover from the
experience.

My wife (27f) and I
(33m) got married
recently and decided to
honeymoon on one of the
Greek Isles. Its all
been going swimmingly
for the first couple of
days, until night three.


I decided that we
should venture out of
the holiday resort where
we are staying and go
find somewhere new to
eat and explore the
local town a little more
. This is something we do
often whenever we go
away.

We came across a
restaurant which looked
incredible and even
better views with it
being right on the beach
. It was a little pricey,
not out of our budget,
but at least triple what
we'd normally pay based
off the area. I told my
wife to ignore the cost,
it's my treat.

The food was good
and the expensive bottle
of wine that cost almost
as much as the food was
sublime. After our meal,
we chose to sit out on
the bean bags on the
beach belonging to the
restaurant and enjoy
some cocktails in the
night sky before we
venture back to our
hotel. The setting was
stunning. Candles all
over the beach and they
even had lights in the
water, so romantic and
both of us having a
wonderful time. Nothing
could prepare us for
what's to come.

We set off to walk
back to our hotel and
about halfway back, I
start to feel unwell.
Now we both suffer from
IBS so just thought
something had triggered
me. It just gets worse.
We were about 5 minutes
from our hotel and I'm
walking like John Wayne,
sweating profusely
holding it in and
grunting from the pain.
My wife, bless her,
albeit laughing, was
being very supportive.
Even said if I needed to
go in a bush I could. I
opted against that as we
were close to the hotel.


We got back to our
room and I stripped
fully naked from my now
damp clothes and head
straight for the
bathroom. To say I
unleashed hell from
above and below would be
an understatement.
Queue, knock at the door
. It's my wife and she
tells me to get out.
Turns out whatever made
me so sick, had come
from her vegetarian meal
. For the rest of the
night we'd take it in
turns hoping on the
toilet like musical
chairs. We barely slept
last night and it was
rough.

Here comes my next
fuck up. The next
morning we were getting
ready to get out.
Through my learnt
behaviour, whenever I
got to fart, I let it
rip. My wife and I are
good with potty humour.
So I feel a fart brewing
and before I could stop
myself...I pooped the
bed. I shit the freaking
bed on our honeymoon. My
wife howled with
laughter as I went to
get in the shower to
wash off my shame.

It doesn't end there
. My wife heads to the
reception to ask if we
can have our bedding
changed and heads out to
get us both some
medication. I am just
about dressed when I
heard a knock at the
door. It was the
cleaners and they just
let themselves in. With
the language barrier I
try to convey as much as
possible to hold on I am
just about to leave. I
scoot out of the room as
quick as possible before
they notice my shame all
over the bed.

Whilst we are mostly
recovered now, my shame
will live on.

TL;DR - tried to
treat my wife to an
expensive meal, both of
us ended up with
explosive food poisoning
and I pooped the bed on
our honeymoon.

Update: We have both
survived. Still some
minor symptoms, but
almost at the end of the
tunnel unlike our poop.
Just want to say thanks
to everyone for your
kind words, my wife is a
hero and have no doubt
its going to be a long
happy marriage filled
with farts and poop
related incidents. A few
people have said it
couldn't be the meal
we'd just had as it was
too soon for food
poisoning, bear in mind
symptoms such as cramps,
diarrhoea and vomiting
can show as soon as
30minutes. And whether
it was the food or the
ice in our drinks, I
couldn't say, either
way, whatever it was, it
turned our buttholes
into temporary shit
fountains. Glad to have
entertained. P.s. we are
100% leaving a hefty tip
for the cleaners.

