
    
    TIFU by being honest about how I'm feeling. 
  
So this is still an
active tifu (t means
"today" not "this one
time, many moons ago")
after all.

My wife has been off
with me all day.
Apparently because I've
been moody. Personally,
yeah a bit frustrated
but nothing overly bad.
She likes to tell me I'm
in a bad mood when I'm
like this....which is
always helpful, but
whatever.  Our youngest
kid is 1yo, full of
snot, always has a cold
thanks to childcare, but
a happy little guy
generally but also in
that stage between 1 and
2 naps during the day.
Parents all know what I
mean.  So today, he's
been a bit grizzly and
it was a bit frustrating
not being able to really
enjoy our weekends
together. But that's
just life with kids.
Still frustrating.

Every time I talk it
seems to her that I'm
having a go at her or
criticizing. I'm not,
but she either a)
doesn't believe me b)
doesn't listen to me.  I
have told her in many
occasions that I'm sorry
if I'm talking like I am
and I will try not to
say anything or to say
things in a more upbeat
tone at least - I
honestly dont think I
sound any different but
maybe I do ü§∑üèΩ‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è. She
still doesn't believe me
.   Anyway, she's been
kinda yelling at me a
lot more for the last 1¬Ω
years now so half way
through pregnancy - I
accepted it as hormonal
and whatever, no worries
.  But that also made me
not really want to sleep
with her too as it's
kinda unattractive and
belittling being yelled
at so we haven't really
been having sex much in
that time either - plus
our older kid tends to
find her way into our
bed at some point in the
night too.

Anyway, the fu came
today when she's told me
how much I've been awful
today and all that and
she said that "we don't
have sex anymore" and I
mentioned that her
"yelling isn't very
attractive and I don't
want to sleep with
someone I'm not
attracted too"..... Mind
you I do find her
physically attractive
but y'know, she doesn't
make me feel very sexy
with the way she yells
at me.

Doors slammed,
yelling intensifies,
tears, divorce being
screamed about, things
thrown, told that it she
had somewhere to go she
would leave and never
see me again, ruining
her life etc.

So now I'm sleeping
in the spare room (not
sure why me trying to be
honest with her meant I
had to leave but there
we go, was happy to
share the bed still).
We're early-mid 40s.
Been together over 20
years. 2 young kids. And
it might be all falling
apart üò≠

TL;DR told me wife
that all her yelling
made me not want to
sleep with her and made
everything worse

