
    
    TIFU consuming cauliflower bites and beer on a first date 
  
Yesterday I drove 6
hours to meet a guy I
met online and was
pretty jazzed about. We
went for a walk, went
out to a local brewery,
sat outside, enjoyed
some cauliflower bites
and a couple beers while
watching the sunset. We
really hit it off, in
conversation and in
sharing some physical
intimacy. We took things
back to his place where
things got hot and
steamy in more ways than
one. Fast forward to the
middle of the night and
I kept waking myself up
to my own asshole
ripping it multiple
times waking us both up
each time it happens. I
was in a half lucid
state, so I’d rip one,
apologize, then roll
back over and repeat. No
thought or effort to go
to the bathroom and
release some pressure.
It was the kind of gas
you just can’t hold in.
I addressed it in the
morning and stated how
embarassed I was. He
said he was kept up by
my gas and that I also
snored.

We had a great
breakfast, shared some
smiles and laughs. Our
date was wonderful, but
my unconscious unsexy
conduct has been
haunting me since. FML

TLDR I ate
cauliflower, drank beer
and tooted the night
away beside a new love
interest

